[doc] [mltop] Improve documentation of Declare ML Module for 8.16 (#16115)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/practical-tools/utilities.rst

.. note::

   Dune's Coq support is still experimental; we strongly recommend
   using Dune 3.1 or later.

.. note::

   The canonical documentation for the Coq Dune extension is
   maintained upstream; please refer to the `Dune manual

>    <https://dune.readthedocs.io/>`_ for up-to-date information. This

Reviewer: Let's point to the new Coq page for this, which unfortunately is not available in the stable build of dune, but in the latest. The link should be fine though.

https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/latest/coq.html

Author: Sounds good, will amend, I hope it stays stable, as I think we already pointed out to it, then it got removed in Dune!

Problems of doc coordination .

Author: Actually it is better just to point to the main Dune page I think.

       (include_subdirs qualified)

>    The ``.v`` file that will load the plugin, needs to use the
>    following special syntax for compatibility with current Dune versions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For now, each ``.v`` file that refers to the plugin, must include following command for
   compatibility with current Dune versions:
```

I suppose it has to be each .v file referencing the plugin because there's no way to know which one is loaded first.
